what's up guys JB 2017 here and I am
very proud to bring you my first evolve
tips and tricks video since the game
just came out yesterday I thought it
would be a great idea to start out with
some basics here on my channel so today
we are looking at three tips on how to
be a better hunter so keep in mind these
apply to any hunter class that you will
play in evolve so I hope you will learn
something new whether you are brand new
to the game you just picked it up
yesterday or you have plenty of
experiences you know you played the
Alpha you play the beta whatever so
anyways let's get started first off
learn when to engage the monster it is
super tempting to shoot the monster
every time you see it at long range
especially if you're hot on the trail
and ahead of the rest of your team but
it's usually not a good idea for several
reasons for starters the game is
centered around 4v1 for a reason which
is why hunters will lose a 1v1 match
with the monster every single time so
don't try to engage the monster without
backup now this can be tricky to sort of
keep up that balancing act of when to
engage and when not to but the fact to
remember is that you are so much more
useful to your team when you're alive
than when you're dead even if you have
no idea what you're doing and you're
just starting with the game another
reason is that long range encounters
will rarely do much damage you know
that's actually useful because the
monster is usually armored so if you get
a few of those long range shots in the
monster can easily replenish its health
by eating more wildlife if it escapes so
really the only time you should shoot a
monster at long range is if you're using
something to track it or slow it down so
for example Val's tranq gun slows down
the monster and aids tracking dart will
track the monster so you'll know where
it is at all times so finally when you
shoot the monster from long range you
lose any and all element of surprise
it's possible to surprise the monster as
the hunters and trap it down and that's
a really fun experience you lose out on
that if you don't if you shoot the
monster at long range and you alert it
so it knows exactly where you are once
you shoot it so there's no sneaking up
with a trapper to trap it and actually
kill the monster next up learn when to
kill wildlife do
yourself a favor and avoid wildlife
almost entirely there is little to no
benefit for killing regular standard
wildlife as a hunter honestly it just
slows you down in your pursuit of
killing the monster
however the worst thing that can happen
is having a venom hound which are these
green kind of demon dogs jump on your
trapper and allow the monster to get
away I mean that is terrible so it's
probably a good idea to kill venom
hounds on sight if they're in your way
now you may be thinking hey JV what
about these albinos they're special
whatever sometimes your group will spot
an albino that Nets some sort of buff to
the entire team well it can be an
attractive option to get a free buff it
doesn't make sense to stop and kill
every single albino that you see in your
pursuit of the monster so it's really
just a situational thing so after all
your buffs won't help you if you can't
even reach the monster in the first
place so I plan to make a video in the
future to help you guys identify albino
wildlife and make that decision on
whether or not it's a good idea to kill
it or just move on towards the monster
my last tip for you guys in this video
is to learn how to effectively use your
jetpack so let's talk about jetpacks all
hunters come equipped with one and the
jet pack makes it possible to both catch
and evade the monster beyond the obvious
here are some very important lessons to
learn you know to actually learn how to
effectively use your jetpack so the
first one is thrusting forward it's the
fastest way to get from point A to point
B regardless I mean kyra does have this
acceleration field that's an exception
but for everyone else point A to point B
it's thrusting forward over and over
this is really important when learning
to cut off the monster especially as a
trapper because that's your job to trap
the monster so 5 forward thrusts covers
a ton of distance probably more than you
realized the second thing is you can
still gain altitude with no fuel this is
something that I bet a ton of people
either gloss over in the hunter tutorial
or didn't even realize in the first
place when you're stuck at the bottom of
a cliff with zero fuel in your tank you
can still hold the jetpack button and
gain altitude up the cliff you just kind
of have to kind of stick to the cliff
look up and then hold that button and
you'll go
the cliff just like that the third thing
to keep in mind is to use your jetpack
thrust to actually evade the monster so
when you're in open combat in open
engagement with any monster your jet
pack is now repurposed as a form of
defense because you can use it to evade
the monsters attacks all of the monsters
attacks hit really really hard it
doesn't matter which monster you're
fighting so it's in your best interest
to avoid those attacks entirely so
remember to thrust back and forth side
to side in all directions to avoid and
evade the monsters attacks also don't
forget that if you're in a scenario
where you need to run away from the
monster to stay alive and maybe regroup
with your teammates you can also use the
jetpack to run away from the monster so
again it's all about that forward
thrusting five times in a row it is just
very useful for covering a lot of ground
very very quickly alright guys that was
three tips on how to be a better hunter
so hopefully you now have some new
hunter knowledge that you can actually
apply and use in your next match if you
learn something new remember to hit that
like button I would really appreciate it
also remember to subscribe if you
haven't already because this is your
number one hub for evolve content going
forward on YouTube I have a lot of
videos that I'm already working on that
should be up within the next few days
also another reminder I will be
live-streaming evolve on Twitch in the
near future I don't have an announcement
now but all livestream announcements
will be at the end of a video so
remember to stick around if you want to
come and hang out maybe play some
involved with me that would be a lot of
fun hope you guys all enjoyed and I will
talk to you all next time peace now
normally you wouldn't be hearing me
right now but I want to urge you all to
stick around towards the end of these
videos because I will have direct links
to more evolve tips and tricks videos
here on my channel as well as livestream
announcements and links to my social
media my Twitter and my facebook which
will all have updates on when I've
uploaded a new video or when I've
started streaming live on Twitch
basically everything you would need to
know to stay updated and informed on my
channel hope you guys enjoyed once again
and I will talk to you all next time
peace